Helm can use revision tags (#10112)
istio/istio.io: content/en/boilerplates/revision-tags-preamble.md

---
---
Manually relabeling namespaces when moving them to a new revision can be tedious and error-prone.

> [Revision tags](/docs/reference/commands/istioctl/#istioctl-experimental-tag) are a solution to this.

Reviewer: These links don't give a lot of information, I would suggest pointing to this blog instead: https://deploy-preview-10112--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/latest/blog/2021/revision-tags/

Author: Updated

> [Revision tags](/blog/2021/revision-tags/) are a solution to this. [Revision tags](/blog/2021/revision-tags/) are

Reviewer 2: nit: the blog might be out of date at some point, we should link to our official docs and improve them? maybe we can do this at a later point though.

Author: Let's do this as part of our follow-up work to clean up the documentation.

Reviewer 3: This is also changed/changing in https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/10086.

```suggestion
[Revision tags](/docs/reference/commands/istioctl/#istioctl-experimental-revision-tag) are a solution to this. Revision tags are
```

[Revision tags](/docs/reference/commands/istioctl/#istioctl-experimental-tag) are stable identifiers that point to

> revisions and can be used to avoid relabeling namespaces. Rather than relabeling the namespace, a mesh operator can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio revisions and can be used to avoid relabeling namespaces. Rather than relabeling the namespace, a mesh operator can
```

simply change the tag to point to a new revision. All namespaces with that tag will be updated at the same time.

Consider a cluster with two revisions installed, `1-9-5` and `1-10-0`. The cluster operator creates a revision tag `prod-stable`,

> pointed at the older, stable `1-9-5` version, and a revision tag `prod-canary` pointed at the newer `1-10-0` revision. That
> state could be reached via these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pointed at the older, stable `1-9-5` version, and a revision tag `prod-canary` pointed at the newer `1-10-0` revision. This
state can be achieved via these commands:
```
